{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Then Corn came to town. On his first day at H. C. H. S., there was a chess meet in our library after school. I stayed to watch Marcus. He showed me a little bit of chess, just enough so I could follow what was going on. I was still bored, but it was better than getting whooped on. Corn was reading a Spider-man comic book, and I noticed the scar on his cheek. "Not excited by chess?" I asked him.\
"Checkers with trees and horses," he said without looking up from the comic.\
I laughed so loud Marcus's opponent dropped his piece and knocked over Marcus's queen. "So what are you doing here?"\
"Trying to read about Peter Parker and Mary Jane," he said.\
"But there's a chess meet."\
"Yeah, I figured it would be quiet." He looked at me for just a few seconds, his blue, blue eyes and his hay colored hair and his little chin dimple and all, and my face turned strawberry jam. He smiled and said, "Corn."\
I laughed again, and Marcus shot me a look.\
"Who's that?" Corn asked.\
"My friend Marcus."\
"Oh. Your boyfriend?" He said the boy part kinda obvious-like.\
"No. Yeah, I guess. Not really. What's corn?"\
"You don't know what corn is?" he asked.\
"Um, yeah, but why did you say corn?"\
"I'm Corn. Cornelius. Henks."\
My mouth must have hung embarrassed for a minute. "I'm Shelly."\
He looked at me a few more seconds, and the strawberry jam turned to grape. He smiled and said, "I'm going to put my comic book away for you, Shelly. Let's go out for a smoke."\
"Yes." He was up and moving, so I popped after him.  "Wait, smoke?" I looked back at Marcus as we left the room, but he was staring at the little clock they use to time moves, and he didn't notice us go. I thought sure everybody in the room could hear my heart running up a storm, but no one said anything.\
Outside, parents were starting to show up for rides. Corn lit up a cigarette, and I almost yelled No! at him, but he was still smiling.\
"Four foot ten in one sock," he said, and flicked ash. \
Corn's taller than me, sure, but I'm five-two, and I wasn't wearing socks. "What are you talking about, tall boy?" \
"It's from a book."\
"Spider-man?"\
"Lolita," he said.\
"Is that porn?"\
"Kinda. You should read it. It's creepy but pretty."\
I almost said like you, but I don't think boys like being called pretty. Or creepy. Corn held his cigarette out to me, but I just stared at it.\
"No? See, girls are smarter than boys." He rubbed it out on the wall of the school. "Are you going back in, or is one of these cars here for you?"\
"No, I was going to walk home with Mar- my friend."\
"Okay, well it was nice meeting you, Shelly. Check out that book."\
He turned to leave, and my heart jumped out of my mouth and yelled "You can read it to me!"\
Corn looked back at me, his blue eyes and dimple and smile and everything. "Okay. Come on."\
Sure, I followed him.}