{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 We were both kept after for fighting, and Mrs. Jillien, the vice principle, who was a temporary from a school up in Rhode Island, thought it would do us the most good to serve the community by helping deliver hot macaroni and cheese to crusty old whores and miners who hadn\'92t had the sense to let the black lung take them.  Mrs. Jillien got herself raped that summer and never came back, and we all decided she took her interloping ass back to Rhode Island.  In any case, the food deliveries were a real short-term thing.\
Me and Corn got on good, probably because both our daddies were fucks.  Mine drunk himself to death pretty early, so my damage wasn\'92t nearly as bad as Corn\'92s.  But I had enough of it to see it in him.  The burn scar on his cheek got purple-red when Corn got mad, and he always got mad when some dumb shit looked at the scar.  Corn kicked a lot of asses.  He could take a punch, on account of his daddy whooping him, and wasn\'92t afraid of anyone.  Kids got the fuck out of Corn\'92s way, which meant they got the fuck out of my way, too.\
One Saturday, just before the end of our high school days, me and Corn went up to Manchester.  My cousin Billy knew an old army vet who supplemented his government checks by selling moonshine, and we wanted to celebrate the end of our classroom captivity.\
We were about a mile outside of Harlan when Corn said, \'93I got more to celebrate than graduation.\'94\
\'93You finally fuck that freshman marching band chick?\'94 I asked.  \'93What\'92s her name? Judy? Julie?\'94\
\'93It\'92s Jody, and naw, I got word about my daddy.  He\'92s in jail.  For good.\'94\
\'93Oh.  Shit.\'94  \
\'93He killed some guy in a bar fight in Macon and they gave him life in prison.\'94  Corn\'92s voice was flat as the road.\
I pulled out our moonshine money and started flipping through the bills.  A couple were worn through.  \'93I hope that old fuck ain\'92t picky about his cash.  Looks like most of these wouldn\'92t work in a vending machine.\'94\
\'93He\'92ll take it.\'94  Corn turned to me and flashed a smile.  \'93Do you think we\'92ll have enough \'91shine for Jody?\'94}