{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Corn and me left in my brother's shitbox. We got to the motel. Corn stopped the car next to a red pickup and said, "my daddy's truck."\
He got out and walked slowly to the room's door. I stayed back a bit because I was scared. I had a deep down thrill watching Kelly get hit, but I was afraid of what Corn was going to do when he saw his daddy. He didn't knock, he just stood in front of that closed door, still as a mountain. "Will you knock for me, Shelly?"\
I walked up next to Corn and tapped on the door.\
A garbled "just a minute" came from inside.\
Corn looked at me. The water in his blue eyes made my heart fall down to my shoes. I wanted to hug him and tell him he didn't have to do this, that we could go and forget about our daddies and Kelly and our mommas and just be the world for each other, but then the door opened.\
Corn's daddy was a taller, older, redder version of Corn. "Cornelius? Son?"\
Corn swung his fist and hit his daddy square in the chest. He was crying and yelling and his knee was shaking. He kept swinging until his daddy pulled him into a hug, and held him tight. Corn cried into his daddy's chest and wrapped his arms around him, and his crying got swallowed up in their hugging. The sound turned my blood to fire.\
I just about wanted to kill his daddy, then. I was so mad at him for getting the best of Corn. "You get off him! Get away from him, you drunk old fuck!" I swung wild and hit them both over and over and screamed and screamed until the manager of the motel came running over to us. He grabbed me off of Corn and his daddy, and then Corn broke away and pulled me over to the car. I was so mad I couldn't see nothing straight. I was mad at myself for coming along, mad at Kelly for making it so I didn't have no choice but to be here to see the boy I loved most in the world being smothered by the fuck who gave him the scar that always showed how mad he was. I was mad at Corn for flashing his blue, blue eyes at me that first time. I was mad at his chin dimple, even. Everything I ever loved was dead, dead wrong in that minute. Boys are the devil, and they damn every one of us to hell. It don't matter if they're our daddies, our brothers, or the lovers we pick out. Something in them wants to hurt us, and something in us wants to be hurt.\
Corn's daddy was crying, Corn was crying, and I was still screaming at them both. The manager said he was going to call the sheriff. People started coming out of their motel rooms and looking at me and I had a wild thought that I was like Momma, all crazy and not caring. I let Corn's arms crush me against him, and I cried.}