{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When he was a boy, Corn Henks' daddy beat him more than was right. On a day that was special bad, he took a hot iron to Corn's face. Mr. Henks was a fuck, alright. Damn near killed Corn's momma with a knotted rope. That was when Corn's uncle Swinton came and took Corn and his momma out of Georgia and back here to Kentucky. Corn was fourteen then.\
Corn's proper name was Cornelius Jackson Henks. I met him my freshman year at Harlan County High. I was going out with Marcus Tillman, chess club star. I didn't mind that Marcus was a nerd. He was sweet, had blue eyes, and walked upright. That was enough to get me out of the house most nights of the week. Out and away from my brother Kelly. \
Shelly and Kelly, we were. My daddy thought it was cute, seeing as how it rhymed and all. Daddy was a simple man, and a good man. He dropped out of high school as soon as he could and went to work in coal, just like his daddy. Only he didn't die on his 60\super th\nosupersub  birthday of the black lung like my granddaddy did. He died in a mining accident when I was just six and Kelly was fourteen. Momma took it real hard. She lost her mind not too long after that, and Kelly became the man of the house. \
When momma got so she couldn't work, Kelly did. When momma got so she couldn't cook, Kelly did, until I was old enough. When she got so she couldn't go out of the house without wailing like a baby or messing herself, Kelly took to locking her in her bedroom all day. When I told him that wasn't right, he punched me. After that first time, he started beating me regular... it was like his dam broke, and I was the little village just down the creek.}