{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl480\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It was just after New Year's when we got a letter saying that Corn's daddy had found Jesus and wanted to make amends.\
Corn didn't say a word while his momma read the letter. He sat with me on the couch and squeezed my hand until I couldn't feel my fingers. I figured Corn needed to squeeze something, so I let it be me. After she read the letter out loud three times, Corn's momma sat and cried. Corn's daddy broke her nose with that rope knot, and it healed a little crooked. She touched it and sobbed.\
Corn pulled me up by my sore hand and took me up to his room. He hurt me a little up there, but it was just clumsy and not mean. Plus, I thought it was better this way than being home with Kelly. At least here there was some love. After he was done, I fell asleep holding him.\
The next morning, I woke up to the sound of thunder. It was raining fierce, and I was listening to the storm when I realized I couldn't go home. "Shit. Kelly's going to kill me."\
Corn was lying in bed holding an Avengers comic and staring at the ceiling fan. "I'm going to go see my daddy. No matter what momma wants, I'm going to go see him."\
"Can I come with you?"\
Corn got out of bed and pulled on his blue jeans and said, "Okay. Yeah."\
He looked away as I got out of the bed wearing just his top-sheet. "Meet you downstairs," I said as I put on my own jeans, but I wore the X-Men shirt Corn took off the night before. I thought it smelled of us.}