{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red172\green172\blue172;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c72941\c72941\c72941;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl760\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs46 \cf2 #### To Quiet Her\
When he was a boy, Corn Henks\'92 daddy beat him more than was right.  On a day that was special bad, he took a hot iron to Corn\'92s face.  Mr. Henks was a fuck, alright.  Damn near killed Corn\'92s mother with a knotted rope.  That was when Corn\'92s uncle Swinton came and took Corn and his mother out of Georgia and back here to Kentucky.  Corn was fourteen then.\
Corn\'92s proper name was Cornelius Jackson Henks.  I met him my freshman year at Harlan County High.  I was going out with Marcus Tillman, chess club star.  I didn\'92t mind that Marcus was a nerd.  He was sweet, had blue eyes, and walked upright.  That was enough to get me out of the house most nights of the week.  Out and away from my brother Kelly.  Shelly and Kelly, we were.  My daddy thought it was cute, seeing as how it rhymed and all.  Daddy was a simple, good man.  He dropped out of high school as soon as he could and went to work in coal.  He died in a mining accident when I was six and Kelly was fourteen.  Momma lost her mind around then, and Kelly became the man of the house.  When momma got so she couldn\'92t work, he did.  When momma got so she couldn\'92t cook, he did, until I was old enough.  When she got so she couldn\'92t go out of the house without wailing like a baby or messing herself, Kelly took to locking her in her bedroom all day.  When I told him that wasn\'92t right, he punched me.  After that first time, he started beating me regular... it was like his dam broke, and I was the little village just down the creek.\
So, when Marcus asked me to the Sadie Hawkins dance in ninth grade, I went with him.  I told him what Sadie Hawkins meant, and he told me he knew but figured I\'92d say no anyway, and he wanted an excuse to tell himself.  I let him feel me up that night in his room, and every night he let me up there to study.  Marcus was bright and had a half-dozen hands.  I\'92d let him feel me up, maybe more, and he\'92d do my geometry homework and write my papers for me.  I never introduced him to Kelly.\
On Corn\'92s first day at H. C. H. S. there was a chess meet in our library after school.  I stayed to watch Marcus.  He showed me a little bit of chess, just enough so I could follow what was going on.  I was still bored, but it was better than getting whooped on by Kelly.  I noticed the scar on Corn\'92s cheek when he sat next to me.  He was reading a Spider-man comic book.  \'93Not excited by chess?\'94 I asked him.\
\'93Checkers with trees and horses,\'94 he said without looking up from the comic.\
I laughed so loud Marcus\'92s opponent dropped his piece and knocked over Marcus\'92s queen.  \'93So what are you doing here?\'94\
\'93Trying to read about Peter Parker and Mary Jane.\'94\
\'93But there\'92s a chess meet.\'94\
\'93Yeah, I figured it would be quiet.\'94  He looked at me for just a few seconds, his blue, blue eyes and his hay colored hair and his little chin dimple and all, and my face turned strawberry jam.  He smiled and said, \'93Corn.\'94\
I laughed again, and Marcus shot me a look.\
\'93Who\'92s that?\'94 Corn asked.\
\'93My friend Marcus.\'94\
\'93Oh.  Your *boy*friend?\'94\
\'93No.  Yeah, I guess.  Not really.  What\'92s corn?\'94\
\'93You don\'92t know what corn is?\'94\
\'93Why did you *say* corn?\'94\
\'93I\'92m Corn.  Cornelius.  Henks.\'94\
My mouth must have hung embarrassed for a minute.  \'93I\'92m Shelly.\'94\
\'93I\'92m going to put my comic book away for you, Shelly.  Let\'92s go out for a smoke.\'94\
\'93Yes.  Wait, smoke?\'94\
He was up and moving, so I popped after him.\
##### \
It wasn\'92t until a few weeks later, after we\'92d done it a few times, that I asked him about his scar.  He told me about his daddy and his momma, about his uncle Swinton.\
He asked me about a bruise on my side.  I told him about Kelly and my momma.  We talked for a minute about Marcus.  I was feeling bad, but then Corn looked at me with his blue-blues and his dimple and... Marcus who?\
Corn got into a lot of fights at H. C. H. S.  His scar turned purple-red when he got mad, and Corn got mad when dumb boys stared at it.  Corn could really take a punch.  He said that was one thing he could thank his fuck of a daddy for.  That, and for not being afraid of anyone under 6\'922\'94.  He never beat up Marcus, though.  I guess he felt a little bad too.\
##### \
It was just after New Year\'92s when we got word that Corn\'92s daddy had found Jesus and wanted to make amends.\
Corn didn\'92t say a word while his momma read the letter.  He sat with me on the couch and squeezed my hand until I couldn\'92t feel my fingers.  I figured Corn needed to squeeze something, so I let it be me.  After she read the letter out loud three times, Corn\'92s momma sat and cried.  Corn\'92s daddy broke her nose with that rope knot, and it healed a little crooked.  She touched it and sobbed.\
Corn pulled me up by my sore hand and took me up to his room.  He hurt me a little up there, but it was just clumsy and not mean.  Plus, I thought it was better this way than being home with Kelly.  At least here there was some love.  After he was done, I fell asleep holding him.\
The next morning, I woke up to the sound of thunder.  It was raining fierce, and I was listening to the storm when I realized I couldn\'92t go home.  \'93Shit.  Kelly\'92s going to kill me.\'94\
Corn was lying in bed holding an Avengers comic and staring at the ceiling fan.  \'93I\'92m going to go see my daddy.  No matter what momma wants, I\'92m going to go see him.\'94\
\'93Can I come with you?\'94\
Corn got out of bed and pulled on his blue jeans and said, \'93Okay.  Yeah.\'94\
He turned his head as I got out of the bed wearing just his top-sheet.  \'93Meet you downstairs.\'94  I put on my own jeans, but I wore the X-Men shirt Corn took off the night before.  I thought it smelled of us.\
Later, when we were outside, he said, \'93Your brother have a car?\'94\
\'93Yeah.  A 92 Ford.\'94\
\'93Let\'92s go talk to him.\'94\
\'93I can\'92t.  I have to wait until tonight when he\'92s asleep.  Let\'92s get a cab and go see your daddy.\'94\
\'93No,\'94 Corn said, and started off toward my house.  I followed him.  What else could I do?\
Corn must\'92ve worked himself up into a quiet rage on the way because when we got home he pounded on the door.  When Kelly yelled hold your fucking horses from inside, Corn grabbed a wet, bagged newspaper from the front steps.  He balled the plastic bag in his fist and held the paper like a ball on a chain.  When the door opened, Kelly had time to see me and suck his breath in before the paper caught him in the left temple.  Corn pushed him inside and hit him four or five times more, like the paper was an axe and Kelly was a stubborn log that didn\'92t want to be firewood.  He took the car keys from the peg on the wall.  \'93Come on,\'94 he said.\
\'93Let me straighten Kelly up and check on momma.\'94  My voice was steady, but my heart was thudding like a wildcat.\
Corn nodded.  \'93Okay.  He had that coming, but he\'92s kin.\'94\
Kelly wasn\'92t moving, not one little bit.  I checked under his nose and felt air moving, so I knew he wasn\'92t dead, just out.  Best I could do was drag him in front of the television and stick a pillow under his head.  I checked on momma and she was laying on her bed, holding a picture of daddy, and staring at the yellow wallpaper.  I got me a last minute inspiration and unplugged the phone.\
Corn and me left in my brother\'92s shitbox.  We got to the motel.  Corn stopped the car next to a red pickup and said, \'93my daddy\'92s truck.\'94\
He got out and walked slowly to the room\'92s door.  I stayed back a bit because I was scared.  I had a deep down thrill watching Kelly get hit, but I was afraid of what Corn was going to do when he saw his daddy.  He didn\'92t knock, he just stood in front of that closed door, still as a mountain.  \'93Will you knock for me, Shelly?\'94\
I walked up next to Corn and tapped on the door.\
A garbled \'93just a minute\'94 came from inside.\
Corn looked at me.  The water in his blue eyes made my heart fall down to my shoes.  I wanted to hug him and tell him he didn\'92t have to do this, that we could go and forget about our daddies and Kelly and our mommas and just be the world for each other, but then the door opened.\
Corn\'92s daddy was a taller, older, redder version of Corn.  \'93Cornelius?  Son?\'94\
Corn swung his fist and hit his daddy square in the chest.  He kept swinging until his daddy pulled him into a hug, and held him tight.  Corn cried into his daddy's chest and wrapped his arms around him.  The sounds of Corn's sobbing got swallowed up in their hugging.  The sound turned my blood to fire.\
I just about wanted to kill his daddy, then.  I was so mad at him for getting the best of Corn.  \'93You get off him!  Get away from him, you drunk old fuck!\'94  I swung wild and hit them both over and over and screamed and screamed until the manager of the motel came running over to us.  He grabbed me off of Corn and his daddy, and then Corn broke away and pulled me over to the car.  I was so mad I couldn't see nothing straight.  I was mad at myself for coming along, mad at Kelly for making it so I didn\'92t have no choice but to be here to see the boy I loved most in the world being smothered by the fuck who gave him the scar that always showed how mad he was.  I was mad at Corn for flashing his blue, blue eyes at me that first time.  I was mad at his chin dimple, even.  Everything I ever loved was dead, dead wrong in that minute.\
Corn\'92s daddy was crying, Corn was crying, and I was still screaming at them both.  The manager said he was going to call the sheriff.  People started coming out of their motel rooms and looking at me and I had a wild thought that I was like Momma, all crazy and not caring.  I let Corn\'92s arms crush me against him, and I cried.\
He took me home after that.  When I got there Kelly was gone.  I went up to momma\'92s room and got into bed with her.  She was whispering to herself, and I stroked her hair to quiet her.}